Hello
Who is Otsuka of identity set back zone of the base's meow
In his power to say that Subo scan're going to do the hat One Nikki take the tired eyes today
It is not very good book if you do
Put your finger firmly on the point and turn it to wind the weight of your head
And carry
If you have a desk here in Eskwork etc, please put the dough here
Go put your head in ｰｰｰｰtwo-Te
Gently and you'll do with the image that say
Effectively I think it can be convenient Mr.
Let's go down the point
At first it is between three points-
Here a good relationship reduces in Ethiopia Liu
As I said earlier
Gently
I will put the weight of my head
I use it and let it slip and hold it down
Slip down the hairline and get down next, then the US ship
Master to gain
And the skin so as not to rub the go sound
While ring adhesion of Te
Please go down the hour to dive the star muscles
Group of people
Between eyebrows
Go down and get in
It has been kept along the Ainya
It is a US ship warm air
Next is the convenience Mr. of the upper side of the eye
I think there is just a bone in the house, so that bone
It says the middle and then to form a sandwich with water finger
We regulate the city ​​up and down
Who is to slip to say that I do not want is to take Toka name to
Please mix it several times
To the US ship firmly
You can also make earphones at the same time
Then was I D D mode ridge of Iwaga
Hajikko the middle finger of the bone in the I think that it can be seen that there is and you'll touch
It even if I have leave to hit such a place
While sliding or Gu'
Say that was holding down the
Moving
3 round trip grater from the top and bottom
I think you should do it
Then this time it 's on the eye
From Hanama bone in place Sutsu follow until the eyebrows and the eyebrows ayu in vivi is Shura
There is something just like a hollow in the bone
There
All this I
We will keep on him what body
This is not a finger press
There has been put and the weight of the head and leave the ends of the fingers
I will keep about 15 seconds as it is
Because I entered the side of the horse and made the bones here
Let's go up diagonally
Please be careful not to push the eyeball
Grinded this is possible when the following is on the sea
The most striking part on the right has no middle finger
Place the index finger in a comfortable water and at regular intervals to fly
If possible , not from above the hair only
It is more effective to touch
So that the hair does not make a pop noise
Please make the ground move
It does not is whether the user is the sound of hair firmly move the background
Don't give me
A little if you go round
I moved here a bit and moved on again
I think I do this is also both a piece this way to please
It is roughly the consistency processing ne
like this
I would like you to have the participation awards go up but
From Well very popular and Shitewa's from high school up to ten here is to suppress thought to be the about small
Please try to ring around
You can get tired of your eyes when this area is clear
Next, I will tell you how to take eye fatigue with aroma, so please take a look
Although the magnetic material does not have carried out the massage guy hat
When you receive the small face squadron's hose, you take tension of the muscles around your eyes.
Cranial bones and around here
I will make adjustments so it is recommended for those who have tired eyes
Thank you for always looking at the video of bow preparation
I'm glad if you have any comments or questions about the video
Please give a rating to the video
Bow formulation is doing a three-minute walk to the body of Ms. awakening
Besides the soldiers, there are also menus such as aroma massage
If you have trouble with low back pain or stiff neck, please try once by all means
The other variety of when I am pressing the Subscribe button that has come out here Fi set back band
You can watch the video, so please try to register by all means